Release checklist: warning about publishing the release too early (#14644)
ethereum/solidity: ReleaseChecklist.md

       Remove different variants of the same name manually before using the output.
 - [ ] Check that all tests on the latest commit in ``develop`` are green.
 - [ ] Click the ``Publish release`` button on the release page, creating the tag.

>    - **Important: Do not publish the release before the changelog changes have been merged (set release date)**

Reviewer: That's how I'd word it. It's about any unmerged code, not just changelog.

```suggestion

     **Important: Must not be done before all the PRs, including changelog cleanup and date, are merged.**
```
